               Stanford Bunny

The Stanford Bunny model is courtesy of the Stanford University Computer 
Graphics Laboratory, and is included with MeshLabXML with permission. The 
original file can be found at http://graphics.stanford.edu/data/3Dscanrep/ 
with additional information on the model's venerable history at 
http://www.cc.gatech.edu/~turk/bunny/bunny.html .

Terms of use (retrieved from the first link above):
    Please be sure to acknowledge the source of the data and models you take 
    from this repository. In each of the listings below, we have cited the 
    source of the range data and reconstructed models. You are welcome to use 
    the data and models for research purposes. You are also welcome to mirror 
    or redistribute them for free. Finally, you may publish images made using 
    these models, or the images on this web site, in a scholarly article or 
    book - as long as credit is given to the Stanford Computer Graphics 
    Laboratory. However, such models or images are not to be used for 
    commercial purposes, nor should they appear in a product for sale (with 
    the exception of scholarly journals or books), without our permission.

    Source: Stanford University Computer Graphics Laboratory
    Scanner: Cyberware 3030 MS
    Number of scans: 10
    Total size of scans: 362,272 points (about 725,000 triangles)
    Reconstruction: zipper
    Size of reconstruction: 35947 vertices, 69451 triangles
    Comments: contains 5 holes in the bottom

Files:
The following files are included with MeshLabXML. Note that the values in the 
parentheses in the filenames indicate metadata about the model, specifically 
scale factor (with negative values indicating an inverse scale factor) and 
"up" axis (either Y or Z).

Filename: bunny_raw(-1250Y).ply
MeshLabXML name: bunny_raw
Description: model is identical to the original source, except it has been 
converted to a binary ply file to reduce file size.

Filename: bunny_flat(1Z).ply
MeshLabXML name: bunny
Description: model has had the following changes applied:
    - Scaled to actual size in mm (see "Notes on units and scale" below)
    - Hole under chin has been filled
    - Unreferenced vertices have been deleted
    - Bottom has been sliced flat and placed on the XY plane
    - Model has been rotated to Z up
The above changes result in a model which is watertight and manifold, e.g. 
suitable for 3D printing.

Filename: bunny_flat(-2Z).ply
Half-scale 3D printable bunny.

Notes on units and scale:
The units and scale of the original model are unknown. The principals 
involved (Marc Levoy and Greg Turk) were contacted however they no longer 
have this information available. Based on the reported size of the actual 
object (approximately 7.5 inches high and 8 inches long), units of mm and a 
scale factor of 1:1250 is assumed for the original model to approximate the 
correct size.
